
			Policy
priority 

Leaking of any product details will be considered as insider espionage and eployee will be .

The project details should be provided to teams on "need-know-basis"

The authority of information should not be centralized.

Centralized database must not be created for any department.

continuos employee evaluation must be done.

Portable media should not be allowed in the premise of organization.

documents which are not in use should be shreaded and not be taken out.

keep logs and backup data, and do regular scanning of machine each day, the scanning logs must be stored.

Periodic chaning of password, password should be complex

Log documentation backup.

Every changes in project files should be commited to the project repositories and  the files should be check, scanned and further published on the network database.


-----Incedence response------

specify the situation 

Detection of the components of network which has been compromised should be done

What was the activity being done before the incidence happened

Identify if the threat is internal or external and make list of security incidents 

Legal action against the internal threat should be taken according to company policy and domestic and international law

the cost of the data breach should be calculated 

Identify the resposible people 

The incidence should be communicated to everyone

plan recovery 

Log the icidence first and immediatly reported using report tool to IT team.

-----data breaches -----


----Scurity Incidence---

example of public security incidence -  not incidence information security incidence


information security incidence-
DOS
Compromised user account

The suppliers should log the the ingredients when supplied and 



---------- forensics ------

First i will assess the incidence site by looking at the evidence present, and documenting them by touching the evidence as little as possible.

If there is important devices whcih could hold some credible evidence like a drive or mobile phones, they should be taken offline immediatly to prevent the tampering; however, in certain circumstances machine is left online to trace down an active attack.

then a forensically valid copy of it should be made, this could be done with dd command of a linux based system.

One important rule to remember is to document everything
The documentation must include the cost calculation - 
Labor cost spent in response and recovery.  
If equipment were damaged, the cost of that equipment.
If data were lost or stolen, what was the value of that what was the value of that data? data? 
How much did it cost to obtain that data and how much will it cost to reconstruct it?
Any lost revenue, including losses due to down time, having to give customers credit due to inconvenience, or any other way in which revenue was lost.

source - saghafi,L.(2020).Principles of Information Systems Security (CIS 221).


